# js-library-xuruijie

## Link to demo page
https://draggable-list-generator.herokuapp.com/

## Link to documentation page
https://draggable-list-generator.herokuapp.com/documentation

## Getting Started

1. Include jQuery in your project.
```
<script defer src="https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/3.5.1/jquery.min.js"></script>
```

2. Include draggableListGenerator.js in your project.
```
<script defer type="text/javascript" src="./js/draggableListGenerator.js"></script>
```

## APIs

### createList(Object) -> None
Create a list with specified parent element, name of list, width of cells, height of cells, list entries, and background color. The function takes an Object as input and provides default values for unspecified fields.
```
dl1.createList({parent: document.querySelector('#twoListDiv'), 
				listName: 'CSC309 Section 1 Student List', 
				entries: ['Mark', 'John', 'Tony', 'Tom', 'Zack', 'James'], 
				background_color: '#347f94'})
```

### deleteList() -> None
Delete entire list generated by the caller DraggableListGenerator. Sets it up so it's ready to generate a new list.
```
dl1.deleteList()
```

### enableDrag() -> None
Enables the drag editing feature of the list generated by the caller DraggableListGenerator. An add element area will be created at the end of the list. User will be able to iteract with the list using their mouse after this function is called.
```
dl1.enableDrag()
```

### disableDrag() -> None
The reverse of the previous function. Disable the drag editing feature of the list generated by the caller DraggableListGenerator.
```
dl1.disableDrag()
```
### highlightList() -> None
Helper function. The function highlights the list generated by the caller DraggableListGenerator to help user identify which list they will be editing with a particular DraggableListGenerator object. The highlight will automatically turn off after 5 secons.
```
dl1.highlighList()
```

### addListEntry(String) -> None
Insert additional list entries at the end of the list. The newly added list will have the input string as its content. If the drag editing feature for that list is on, user will imediately be able interact with the new entry with their mouse.
```
dl1.addListEntry('Jason')
```

### removeListEntry(Int) -> None
Remove the list entry at a specified index. If the index is out of bound, no entry will be removed and a message will be logged on the console.
```
dl1.removeListEntry(0)
```

### changeStyle(String, Int) -> None
Change style of list entries at spcified index. The style argument is a string in the form of ```styleName1: styleValue1; styleName2: styleValue2``` The index is optional, the funciton will apply styles to all list entries if index is not specified.
```
dl1.changeStyle("font-weight: bold;")
dl1.changeStyle("backgroundColor: #F19CBB; color: #1F75FE", 0)
```
The above code snippet will bold all list entries and change the background color and text color of list entry 0.


### convertToXML() -> String
Converts list created by the caller DraggableListGenerator into xml formatted string. User can use resulting string to recreate the list that they editied.
```
const list1Str = dl1.convertToXML()
```

### createFromXMLString(String) -> DOM Element
Converts the xml formatted string into DOM element that is identical to the list the user edited.
```
const list1Str = dl1.convertToXML()
dl2.createFromXMLString(list1Str)
```
